= Help Freedoom!
// See COPYING.adoc for license terms of this file.

Freedoom is always looking for help.  This is a short list of some of
the resources that the project is in need of.  If you can help out,
please check the forum or Discord links in the sidebar to get in contact!

== Musicians

**In-level music**: Freedoom needs music for its levels. Presently
some of the music tracks are serving double duty for multiple levels.
FreeDM, the deathmatch spinoff project, also needs some appropriate
music for its levels.

**OPL synth instruments**: If you like chiptunes, particularly for the
Yamaha OPL2/OPL3 synth chips, then Freedoom needs instruments for its
OPL MIDI instrument bank.  Check out the
https://github.com/freedoom/freedoom/tree/master/lumps/genmidi[documentation]
to find out more.

== Level authors

**New levels**: Freedoom is still in need of new single player levels
in order to get a complete set of levels.  If you see a level that is
just a square room with an exit switch, that is a currently unfilled
slot.  If you are experienced making Doom levels and can spend the
time to make a level for Freedoom, or maybe you have levels you've
made and can donate to the project, please get in touch.

**Bugs**: Sometimes bugs get reported in Freedoom's levels.  Check out
the https://github.com/freedoom/freedoom/labels/levels[bug list] to
see what currently needs fixing.

== Bug reports

Freedoom is an ongoing project, and issues may always be found.  The
preferred place, and the one that will not have reports lost in
memory, is the https://github.com/freedoom/freedoom/issues[GitHub
issue tracker].  Information about all kinds of issues is much
appreciated, but if you find an issue in the latest release, don't be
so quick to report it!  Check the
http://freedoom.soulsphere.org/[latest and greatest builds] to see if
the problem still persists there: much of Freedoom may have changed in
the interim!

== Website

This website is also managed via git.  If you have suggestions please
either raise issues or pull requests at
https://github.com/freedoom/freedoom.github.io[the freedoom.github.io
GitHub project].

== Financial contributions

Freedoom does not accept financial donations nor bug bounties.  While
such desires to support us this way are appreciated, we do not have a
present need for financial assistance with development or hosting.

As an alternative, evangelize!  Spread the word of Freedoom and share
your love for the game and encourage others to try it.
